zijn: are, presence, to be
zij: they, he, she, it
wij: I, we
heid: ness
jij: you
rustiek: rustic
lijken: corpses
stad: city
leid: lead
vrolijk: cheerful
vrees: fear
vergelijking: comparison
meteen: immediately
actie: action
gemak: ease
bruiken: to use
plezier: pleasure
wijs: wise
uniek: unique
unie: union
moeien: to bother
juist: correct
waar: where
persoon: person
tussen: between
reactie: response
voldoen: to fulfil
eenheid: unit
betrokkenheid: involvement
afhangen: depend
justitie: justice
gezond: healthy
zedig: demure
vaardig: skillful
bezig: busy
beroemd: famous
feiten: facts
omstandigheid: circumstance
weerstand: resistance
bekend: known
tactiek: tactic
type: type
technologie: technology
historie: history
medicatie: medication
kritiek: criticism
etnisch: ethnic
biologie: biology
chemie: chemistry
kliniek: clinic
kiezen: to elect
selectie: selection
elektrisch: electric
elektronisch: electronic
romantisch: romantic
genetisch: genetic
algemeen: general
energie: energy
generatie: generation
enthousiast: enthusiastic
klassiek: classic
klas: class
grafiek: graphic
academie: academy
langzaam: slowly
minder: fewer
individueel: individually
wellicht: perhaps
laf: cowardly
groot: big
appartement: apartment
deel: part 
fysiek: physically
vaak: often
regel: rule
zogenaamd: supposedly
aanname: assumption
plotseling: suddenly
terreur: terror
erg: terribly
einde: end
officieel: officially
vriend: friend
volledig: complete
toevoegen: add
vol: full
vullen: fill
precies: precisely
specifiek: specifically
speciaal: special
op: on
onder: below
afwezig: absent
liefde: love
mooi: beautiful
natuur: nature
zorg: care
zeker: Certainly
abortus: abortion
absoluut: absolute
krijgen: to get
redelijk: reasonable
gelijkwaardig: equivalent
huwelijk: wedding
mannelijk: male
menselijk: human
absorberen: absorb
misbruik: abuse
toegang: access
bereik: reach
volgens: according to
rekening: account
nauwkeurig: accurate
prestatie: performance
augurken: pickles
herkennen: recognize
voorraad: stock
acteur: actor
actrice: actress
echt: Real
advertentie: advertisement
adres: address
voldoende: Enough
wijziging: change
administratie: administration
beheerder: administrator
erkenning: recognition
tiener: teen
contract: contract
volwassen: adult
borg: deposit
voorschot: deposit
voordeel: benefit
avontuur: adventure
advies: advice
adviseren: to advise
advocaat: lawyer
geval: case
toestaan: allow
gekweld: tormented
na: after
middag: afternoon
opnieuw: again
bureau: desk
agressief: aggressive
doorgang: passage
landbouw: Agriculture
voor: for
personeel: staff
assistent: assistant
doel: goal
lucht: sky
vliegtuigen: airplanes
luchthaven: airport
album: album
alcohol: alcohol
alliantie: alliance
roze: pink
bijna: almost
alleen: only
door: Through
al: already
ook: also
bewerking: edit
alternatief: alternative
altijd: always
analyse: analysis
analist: analyst
analyseren: analyze
oud: old
en: and
woede: fury
hoek: corner
dier: animal
antwoorden: answers
spanning: tension
elk: each
iemand: someone
overal: everywhere
telefoongesprek: phone call
sollicitatie: application
afspraak: appointment
genieten: to enjoy
benadering: approximation
goedkeuring: approval
goedkeuren: approve
arabier: arab
architect: architect
gebied: area
argument: argument
arm: arm
gewapend: armed
leger: army
aankomst: arrival
aankomen: arrive
kunst: art
artikel: article
als: if
aspect: aspect
inval: raid
onderzoek: research
toewijzen: assign
functie: function
hulp: staff
geassocieerd: associated
vereniging: association
atleet: athlete
atmosfeer: atmosphere
binden: tie
offensief: offensive
poging: attempt
aandacht: attention
houding: attitude
aantrekken: attract
gehoord: heard
auteur: author
autoriteit: authority
voertuig: vehicle
gemeen: mean
voorkomen: prevent
prijs: price
bewust: conscious
bewustzijn: conscience
ver: far
schat: Darling
rug: back
achtergrond: background
slecht: bad
tas: bag
schaal: dish
evenwicht: balance
bal: ball
register: registry
bank: Bank
bar: bar
zeldzaam: rare
gaan: to go
barricade: barricade
baseren: base
basketbal: basketball
louter: mere
mand: basket
accu: battery
conflict: conflict
oosten: East
strand: beach
boon: bean
beer: bear
verlies: loss
goed: Good
worden: become
bed: bed
bier: beer
beginnen: to start
gedrag: behaviour
achter: behind
geloven: to believe
blijk: show
riem: Belt
kromming: curvature
best: best
spel: game
beter: better
fiets: bicycle
miljard: billion
stropdas: tie
vogel: bird
geboorte: birth
beetje: bit
zwart: black
laken: bed sheet
schuld: debt
deken: blanket
blok: block
bloed: blood
blaas: bladder
blauw: blue
plaquette: plaque
boot: boat
lichaam: body
bom: bomb
bombardementen: bombings
hypotheek: mortgage
been: leg
boek: book
boom: tree
laars: boot
grens: border
geboren: born
chef: chief
storen: to disturb
fles: bottle
vlak: right
doos: box
jongen: boy
brein: brain
vork: fork
merk: brand
brood: bread
pauze: pause
ontbijt: breakfast
borst: chest
adem: breath
berekening: calculation
brug: bridge
kort: short
helder: bright
breed: wide
gebroken: broken
broer: brother
bruin: brown
borstel: brush
geld: money
begroting: budget
gebouw: building
last: burden
brandwond: burn
bus: bus
bedrijf: company
maar: but
boter: butter
knop: knob
koper: buyer
cabine: cabin
kabel: cable
taart: cake
berekenen: calculate
camera: camera
kamp: camp
campagne: campaign
campus: campus
kan: can
kanker: cancer
kandidaat: candidate
dop: cap
activa: assets
hoofdstad: capital
gezagvoerder: captain
fixatie: fixation
koolstof: carbon
kaart: card
vervoerder: carrier
formulier: form
kat: cat
vastlegging: fixation
categorie: category
oorzaak: cause
plafond: ceiling
feest: party
cel: cell
centrum: Centre
centraal: central
eeuw: century
regisseur: director
ceremonie: ceremony
ketting: chain
stoel: chair
uitdaging: challenge 
slaapkamer: bedroom
kampioen: champion
kanaal: channel
hoofdstuk: chapter
karakter: character
streven: to strive
wang: cheek
kaas: cheese
kip: chicken
kind: child
jeugd: youth
fragmentatie: fragmentation
chocolade: chocolate
keuze: choice
cholesterol: cholesterol
kerk: church
sigaret: cigarette
cirkel: circle
citaat: quote
inwoner: resident
civiel: civil
claim: claim
klant: customer
klimaat: climate
beklimmen: climb
smal: narrow
kleren: clothes
wolk: cloud
club: club
wenk: hint
verhaallijn: storyline
steenkool: coal
coalitie: coalition
kust: coast
jas: coat
gecodeerd: encrypted
koffie: coffee
cognitief: cognitive
koud: cold
medewerker: colleague
verzamelen: collect
verzameling: collection
collectief: collective
koloniaal: colonial
kleur: colour
kolom: column
combinatie: combination
komen: come
komedie: comedy
comfort: comfort
comfortabel: comfortable
volgorde: order
opmerking: remark
commissie: Commission
communicatie: communication
gemeenschap: community
concurrentie: competition
rivaal: rival
klacht: complaint
finish: finish
complex: complex
compileren: compile
grondwet: constitution
verlengd: extended
computer: computer
concentratie: concentration
concept: concept
concert: concert
sluitend: closing
staat: stands
conferentie: conference
confronteren: confront
verwarring: confusion
congres: Congress
verbonden: connected
koppeling: clutch
resultaat: result
conservatief: conservative
overweging: consideration
consistent: consistent
constante: constant
formulieren: forms
constitutioneel: constitutional
bouwen: to build
consultant: consultant
consumptie: consumption
contact: Contact
bevat: contains
container: container
modern: modern
inhoud: contents
overeenkomst: agreement
context: context
contrast: contrast
bijdragen: contributions
bijdrage: contribution
litigieuze: litigious
controverseel: controversial
conventioneel: conventional
gesprek: conversation
overdragen: transfer
overtuiging: conviction
overtuigen: convince
kok: cook
biscuit: Biscuit
koel: cool
samenwerking: cooperation
hart: heart
reclame: advertisement
overeenkomend: corresponding
kosten: cost
katoen: cotton
graaf: count
balie: counter
land: country
wijk: neighbourhood
stel: couple
moed: courage
neef: cousin
koe: cow
traan: tear
instorten: to collapse
boos: angry
room: cream
creatie: creation
schepsel: creature
credit: credit
bemanning: crew
misdaad: crime
crimineel: criminal
crisis: crisis
criteria: criteria
wassen: to wash
kruis: crotch
menigte: crowd
besluitvol: decisive
roepen: call
cultureel: cultural
cultuur: culture
beker: cup
nieuwsgierig: curious
huidig: current
gewijzigd: altered
snee: cut
pa: dad
blessure: injury
dans: dance
gevaar: danger
donker: dark
duisternis: darkness
datum: date
dochter: daughter
dag: day
dood: dead
handelaar: merchant
debat: debate
decennium: decade
beslissing: decision
afwijzen: reject
afname: decrease
diep: deep
hert: deer
defensief: defensive
tekort: shortage
definitie: definition
rang: rank
vertraging: delay
levering: delivery
vragen: to ask
democratie: democracy
democraat: democrat
uitdrukking: expression
afdeling: department
verslaafd: addicted
verbeelding: imagination
depressie: depression
diepte: depth
beschrijving: description
woestijn: desert
ontwerp: design
aanwijzen: assign
wens: wish
vernietigen: destroy
verwoest: devastated
details: details
gedetailleerd: detailed
bepalen: determine
ontwikkeling: development
apparaat: device
wijden: dedicate
dialoog: dialogue
verschillen: differences
verschil: difference
ander: other
anders: otherwise
moeilijk: difficult
digitaal: digital
dimensie: dimension
diner: dinner
richting: direction
vloer: floor
vies: dirty
ramp: disaster
discipline: discipline
ontdekking: discovery
discriminatie: discrimination
bespreken: discuss
discussie: discussion
ziekte: disease
troep: rubbish
geschil: dispute
afstand: distance
uitzending: broadcast
divisie: division
buurt: neighbourhood
diversiteit: diversity
arts: doctor
document: document
hond: dog
huishouden: households
dominant: dominant
domineren: dominate
dubbele: double
twijfel: doubt
gehandicapt: handicapped
dozijn: dozen
glijbaan: slide
drama: drama
spectaculair: spectacular
droom: dream
jurk: dress
drink: drink
patroon: cartridge
geneesmiddel: medicine
droog: dry
substantie: substance
plicht: duty
gretig: eager
vroeg: early
verdiensten: earnings
verbazingwekkend: astonishing
eenvoudig: simple
economie: economy
rand: edge
probleem: problem
editor: editor
onderwijs: education
leerzaam: Educational
opvoeder: educator
effect: effect
effectief: effective
efficiëntie: efficiency
ei: egg
of: or
element: element
elite: elite
e-mailen: email
omarmen: embrace
noodgeval: emergency
uitstoot: emissions
emotie: emotion
emotioneel: emotional
accent: emphasis
collega: co-worker
werkgever: employer
wit: white
ontmoeting: encounter
aanmoedigen: cheer on
vijand: enemy
interview: interview
motor: engine
ingenieur: engineer
engineering: engineering
enorm: enormous
genoeg: enough
binnenkomen: enter
amusement: entertainment
samen: together
ingang: Entrance
registratie: registration
omgeving: environment
aflevering: episode
equivalent: equivalent
apparatuur: equipment
tijd: time
nep: fake
ontsnappen: escape
nodig: necessary
vestigen: settle
domein: domain
enz: etc
ethiek: ethics
zelfs: even
avond: evening
evenement: event
nooit: never
alle: all
bewijs: proof
evolutie: evolution
inspectie: inspection
voorbeeld: example
overschrijden: exceed
uitstekend: excellent
behalve: except
uitzondering: exception
spannend: exciting
beheer: management
oefening: excercise
blootstelling: exposure
bestaande: existing
uitbreiding: extension
duur: duration
ervaring: experience
uitleg: explanation
ontploffen: explode
ontploffing: blast
ontwikkelen: to develop
omvang: scope
extern: external
buitengewoon: extraordinary
extreem: extreme
oog: eye
gezien: seen
doen: doing
factor: factor
fabriek: factory
verdwijnen: to disappear
mislukking: failure
herfst: autumn
familie: family
fan: fan
modieus: fashionable
cultiveren: cultivate
boer: farmer
mode: fashion
snel: fast
vet: Fat
vader: father
dienst: employ
favoriet: favorite
federaal: federal
cursus: class
voer: feed
gevoel: feeling
vrouwen: women
heg: hedge
klein: small
vezel: fiber
fictie: fiction
veld: field
strijd: conflict
vechter: fighter
figuur: figure
film: movie
laatst: last
financiën: finance
financieel: financial
vinden: find
vinger: finger
vis: fish
fit: fit
aanleg: aptitude
reparatie: repair
vlag: flag
vlam: flame
wet: law
smaak: taste
vlees: meat
vlucht: flight
bloem: flower
vlieg: fly
mensen: people
voedsel: food
voet: foot
voetbal: football
kracht: power
buitenlands: foreign
vergeten: forget
formule: formula
fortuin: fortune
oprichter: founder
kader: frame
vrij: free
frequentie: frequency
fruit: fruit
frustratie: frustration
brandstof: fuel
fondsen: funds
fundamenteel: fundamental
financiering: financing
begrafenis: funeral
grappig: funny
meubilair: furniture
universum: universe
galerij: gallery
bende: gang
gat: hole
garage: garage
tuin: garden
knoflook: garlic
gas: gas
ontmoeten: Meet
homo: homo
versnelling: gear
seks: sex
nee: no
meneer: sir
gebaar: gesture
spook: ghost
geschenk: gift
begaafd: gifted
glas: glass
globaal: global
handschoen: glove
god: God
goud: gold
gouden: golden
regering: government
gouverneur: governor
diploma: diploma
korrel: grain
grootvader: grandfather
grootmoeder: grandmother
gras: grass
streng: strict
grijs: gray
geweldig: awesome
groenten: vegetables
vlek: fleck
band: band
groei: grow
garantie: Guarantee
wachten: to wait
gok: guess
gids: guide
schuldig: guilty
pistool: pistol
gewoonte: habit
leefgebied: habitat
haar: her
half: half
hand: hand
hendel: lever
hefboom: lever
hoed: hat
hij: he
warmte: heat
hemel: heaven
zwaar: heavy
hiel: heel
hoogte: height
helikopter: helicopter
hel: hell
bruikbaar: usable
hier: here
erfenis: heritage
held: hero
hoi: Hi
verbergen: hide
hoog: high
snelweg: motorway
heuvel: hill
heup: hip
vakantie: holidays
heilig: holy
dakloos: homeless
honing: honey
eer: honor
hoop: heap
horizon: horizon
paard: horse
ziekenhuis: Hopital
gastheer: host
hotel: hotel
uur: o'clock
logeren: to stay
huishoudens: households
accommodatie: accommodation
hoe: how
echter: however
humor: Humour
honderd: hundred
hongerig: hungry
jager: Hunter
achtervolging: pursuit
ijs: ice
idee: idea
ideaal: ideal
identificatie: identification
identificeren: identify
ziek: sick
afbeelding: image
immigrant: immigrant
immigratie: immigration
invloed: influence
interesse: interest
belangrijk: important
opleggen: impose
indruk: impression
indrukwekkend: impressive
verbeteren: improve
verbetering: improvement
in: in
beloning: reward
incident: incident
inbegrepen: included
inkomen: income
toename: increase
indicatie: indication
industrieel: industrial
industrie: industry
infectie: infection
inflatie: inflation
informatie: information
ingrediënt: ingredient
voorletter: initial
initiatief: initiative
intern: internal
onschuldig: innocent
volharden: persevere
inspireren: inspire
instelling: institution
institutioneel: institutional
instructie: instruction
instructeur: instructor
instrument: instrument
intellectueel: intellectual
intelligentie-: intelligence
intens: intense
intensiteit: intensity
bedoeling: intention
interactie: Interaction
geïnteresseerd: interested
interessant: interesting
internationale: International
interpreteren: interpret
interpretatie: interpretation
interventie: intervention
invoering: introduction
invasie: invasion
zoeker: viewfinder
investering: investment
investeerder: investor
uitnodiging: invitation
geïmpliceerd: implied
deelname: participation
ijzer: iron
jasje: jacket
gevangenis: jail
gewricht: joint
grap: joke
rapport: report
reis: trip
vreugde: joy
rechter: right
sap: juice
junior: junior
jury: jury
sleutel: key
trap: stairs
doden: kill
moordenaar: killer
koning: king
kus: kiss
knie: knee
mes: knife
geslagen: beaten
weten: know
laboratorium: laboratory
etiket: label
werk: work
gebrek: lack
dame: Lady
meer: more
platteland: country
taal: language
ronde: round
vertrekken: to leave
lachen: laugh
gazon: lawn
proces: process
leugen: lie
zwak: weak
pijp: pipe
competitie: League
links: left
nalatenschap: legacy
legaal: legal
legende: legend
citroen: lemon
lengte: length
les: lesson
brief: letter
liberaal: liberal
bibliotheek: library
licentie: license
hijsen: hoist
licht: light
beperken: to limit
lip: lip
lijst: list
luisteren: listen
literair: literary
literatuur: literature
laden: load
klaar: finished
lokaal: local
plaats: place
kwijt: lost
luidruchtig: noisy
zacht: soft
minnaar: lover
lager: lower
geluk: luck
lunch: lunch
long: lung
machine: machine
behouden: retain
maker: maker
manier: way
fabricage: manufacturing
marge: margin
markering: marking
markt: market
marketing: marketing
getrouwd: married
masker: mask
massa: mass
meester: master
materiaal: material
wiskunde: math
burgemeester: mayor
maaltijd: meal
betekenis: meaning
mechanisme: mechanism
media: media
gemiddeld: average
lid: member
geheugen: memory
geestig: witty
menu: menu
afval: waste
bericht: message
metaal: metal
meter: meters
methode: method
melk: milk
miljoen: million
verstand: mind
minister: minister
minuut: minute
wonder: miracle
spiegel: mirror
raket: rocket ship
opdracht: Job
mengen: to blend
verstandig: wise
goedaardig: benign
moeder: mother
moment: moment
monitor: monitor
maand: month
stemming: mood
maan: Moon
moreel: moral
ochtend: morning
beweging: movement
motivatie: motivation
berg: mountain
muis: mouse
geblokkeerd: blocked
moord: murder
spier: muscle
museum: museum
muziek: music
muzikaal: musical
musicus: musician
wederzijds: mutual
uitbuiten: exploit
mysterie: mystery
mythe: myth
naakt: naked
naam: name
natie: nation
nationaal: national
origineel: original
aarde: soil
nek: neck
behoefte: need
negatief: negative
onderhandelen: negotiate
buurman: neighbour
zenuw: nerve
nerveus: nervous
netwerk: network
nieuw: new
nieuws: news
loggen: log
nacht: night
lawaai: noise
dwang: coercion
normaal: normal
noorden: north
neus: nose
niet: not 
niets: nothing
kennisgeving: notification
nu: now
nummer: number
verpleegkundige: nurse
voorwerp: object
verplichting: obligation
toezicht: supervision
waarnemer: observer
oceaan: ocean
kansen: chances
uit: out 
overtreding: offence
aanbod: offer
olie: oil
ui: onion
opening: opening
operatie: operation
exploitant: operator
tegenstander: opponent
stop: Stop
tegenovergestelde: opposite
oppositie: opposition
oranje: Orange
organisatie: organization
oriëntatie: orientation
oorsprong: origin
onszelf: ourselves
oven: oven
overwinnen: vanquish
eigenaar: owner
tempo: pace
pakket: package
bladzijde: page
kwaadaardig: malicious
ontstoken: ignited
schilder: painter
bleek: pale
palestijnse: palestinian
palm: palm
pan: pan
teken: sign
hijgen: panting
papier: paper
familielid: family member
park: park
partner: partner
passagier: passenger
passie: passion
gips: cast
pad: path
geduldig: patient
model: fashion model
betalen: pay
betaling: payment
vrede: peace
peper: pepper
percentage: percentage
perceptie: perception
perfect: perfect
periode: period
autorisatie: authorization
vergunning: permit
perspectief: perspective
fase: phase
fenomeen: phenomenon
filosofie: philosophy
telefoon: telephone
foto: photo
fotograaf: photographer
zin: sentence
piano: piano
klem: clamp
piloot: pilot
pijnboom: pine
grond: ground
plan: plan
vliegtuig: aeroplane
planeet: planet
kalender: calendar
plastic: plastic
platform: platform
toneelstuk: play
speler: player
script: script
gedicht: poem
dichter: poet
poëzie: poetry
politie: Police
beleid: policy
politicus: politician
vragenlijst: questionnaire
vervuiling: pollution
zwembad: swimming pool
populair: popular
bevolking: population
portiek: porch
haven: port
portret: portrait
positie: position
positief: positive
potentieel: potential
kg: kg
gooien: to throw
armoede: poverty
poeder: powder
krachtig: powerful
handig: useful
bidden: to pray
voorkeur: preference
zwanger: pregnant
voorbereiding: preparation
recept: recipe
president: president
presidentieel: presidential
trots: pride
priester: priest
primair: primary
prime: prime
beginsel: principle
prioriteit: priority
gevangene: prisoner
privacy: privacy
privaat: private
procedure: procedure
produceren: produce
product: product
productie: production
professioneel: professional
docent: lecturer
profiel: profile
winst: gain
programma: program
vooruitgang: progress
projecteren: project
prominent: prominent
belofte: promise
promoten: promote
eigendom: property
proportie: proportion
voorstel: proposal
suggereerde: suggested
aanklager: prosecutor
bescherming: protection
voorzien: provided
leverancier: supplier
provincie: province
psychologie: psychology
publiek: audience
publicatie: publication
trekken: Pull
straf: punishment
aankoop: purchase
zuiver: pure
nastreven: pursue
kwaliteit: quality
termijn: term
rustig: Calm
race: race
rassen: races
radicaal: radical
radio: radio
regen: rain
serie: series
relatie: relation
rauw: raw
lezen: read
drijfveer: motive
afgerond: rounded
realiteit: reality
ontvangen: received
recent: recent
aanbevolen: recommended
aanbeveling: recommendation
rood: red
referentie: reference
weerspiegelen: reflect
reflectie: reflection
hervorming: reform
vluchteling: refugee
proost: cheers
eetpatroon: eating pattern
regio: region
verhalen: stories
ontspannen: relaxed
relevant: relevant
opluchting: relief
religie: religion
religieus: religious
herhalen: to repeat
vertegenwoordiging: representation
republikeins: republican
reputatie: reputation
vereisen: require
oplossing: solution
oplossen: dissolve
bron: source
respect: respect
rest: rest
restaurant: restaurant
pensionering: retirement
opbrengst: yield
revolutie: revolution
rijst: rice
rijk: rich
weggooien: throw away
ring: ring
risico: risk
rivier: river
rollen: roll
dak: roof
wortel: carrot
touw: rope
ruw: rough
routine: routine
regelen: to arrange
loop: walk
beveiliging: security
salade: salad
salaris: salary
verkopen: to sell
zout: salty
gek: crazy
sanctie: sanction
zand: sand
satelliet: satellite
saus: sauce
schandaal: scandal
geleerd: learned
school: school
wetenschap: science
filter: filter
zee: sea
seizoen: season
geheim: secret
secretaris: secretary
sectie: section
sector: sector
zaad: seed
segment: segment
senaat: Senate
senator: senator
senior: senior
gevoelig: sensitive
serieus: serious
dienen: serve
sessie: session
seksueel: sexual
schaduw: shadow
schudden: shake
scherp: sharp
plank: shelf
schelp: shell
overhemden: shirts
stront: shit
schok: shock
schoen: shoe
winkel: store
spoedig: soon
schot: shot
schouder: shoulder
douche: shower
boerderij: farm
veter: lace
zucht: sigh
signaal: signal
stilte: Silence
schaamte: shame
sinds: since
zanger: singer
zus: sister
situatie: situation
ski: ski
huid: skin
slaaf: slave
slaap: sleep
stok: stick
slim: smart
geur: odor
glimlach: smile
rook: smoke
snap: snap
sneeuw: snow
dus: So
sociaal: social
software: software
soldaat: soldier
sommige: some
soms: sometimes
zoon: son
liedje: song
verfijnd: refined
sorry: Sorry
ziel: soul
soep: soup
zuiden: south
spreker: speaker
uitgaven: expenditure
draai: play
verdeling: distribution
woordvoerder: spokesman
sport: sport
verspreid: Scattered
lente: spring
stal: stable
steiger: jetty
standaard: standard
ster: star
oogopslag: glance
verblijf: stay
rekken: racks
station: station
statistieken: statistics
toestand: status
staal: steel
roeren: stir
maag: stomach
opslag: storage
storm: storm
strategie: strategy
straat: street
planken: planks
ophouden: to hold up
sterk: strong
structuur: structure
student: student
studio: studio
studie: study
dom: stupid
stijl: style
onderwerp: subject
geslaagd: passed
lijden: suffering
suiker: sugar
zelfmoord: suicide
zomer: summer
zon: Sun
steun: support
aannemen: contract
oppervlak: surface
chirurgie: surgery
verrassing: surprise
verrassend: surprising
omringen: surround
quiz: quiz
overleving: survival
overlevende: survivor
verdacht: suspicious
zweer: swear
vegen: sweep
zwemmen: swimming
symbool: symbol
symptoom: symptom
systeem: system
schilderen: to paint
staart: tail
talent: talent
reservoir: reservoir
kraan: crane
belasting: tax
belastingbetaler: taxpayer
thee: tea
telescoop: telescope
televisie: television
inspraak: participation
temperatuur: temperature
tendens: tendency
tennis: tennis
tent: tent
voorwaarden: conditions
test: test
getuigenis: testimony
tekst: text
bedankt: Thank you
dit: this
de: the
theater: theater
thema: theme
theorie: theory
behandeling: therapy
daar: over there
dun: thin
ding: thing
denken: think
gedachte: thought
duizend: thousand
bedreiging: threat
keel: throat
ticket: ticket
zakdoek: handkerchief
titel: title
vandaag: Today
tomaat: tomato
morgen: tomorrow
hulpmiddelen: tools
tand: tooth
totaal: total
bezoek: visit
toernooi: tournament
dorp: village
speelgoed-: toys-
spoor: track
traditie: tradition
traditioneel: traditional
verkeer: traffic
transformeren: transform
transformatie: transformation
kruispunt: intersection
vertalen: translate
vervoer: transport
stam: tribe
truc: trick
vrachtauto: truck
buis: tube
tunnel: tunnel
twaalf: twelve
twintig: twenty
twee: two
lelijk: ugly
oom: uncle
ondergaan: undergo
helaas: unfortunately
uniform: uniform
universeel: universal
universiteit: university
superieur: superior
drang: urge
gebruiker: user
vallei: valley
schitterend: wonderful
waarde: value
variabel: variable
variatie: variation
uitgerekt: stretched
versie: version
tegen: in return for
veteraan: veteran
slachtoffer: victim
video: video
kijker: viewer
schenden: violate
geweld: violence
gewelddadig: violent
virtueel: virtual
deugd: virtue
virus: virus
zichtbaar: visible
visie: vision
bezoeker: visitor
visueel: visual
stem: voice
volume: volume
vrijwilliger: volunteer
kwetsbaar: vulnerable
rijp: ripe
dwalen: wander
oorlog: war
heet: is called
waarschuwen: warn
water: water
rijkdom: wealth
week: week
ballast: ballast
westen: West
westers: western
vochtig: damp
wat: what
wiel: wheel
wanneer: when
wie: Who
waarom: Why
gewillig: willing
wind: wind
raam: window
wijn: wine
vleugel: wing
winnaar: winner
winter: winter
draad: wire
van: by
zonder: without
getuige: witness
woord: word
arbeider: worker
wereld: world
concluderen: to conclude
ja: Yes
jaar: year
geel: yellow
gisteren: yesterday
jong: young